NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Great Elf Tree
on Christmas Eve.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Come on, elves,
let's get the elf plane loaded.
ELVES:
Righty-o!
Wind the engine!
Roger that, Mr. Elf.
BOTH:
Righty-o!
GIRLS:
Hi, boys.
BOYS:
Hi, girls.
What's happening?
Dad has an important job
to do.
What kind of job?
He's flying
to the North Pole.
The North Pole?
Yes. We're making
our final delivery of toys
to Father Christmas.
GIRLS:
Ooh.
Flight 1000.
Ready for take-off!
You are cleared for take-off.
Roger that, control.
[♪♪♪]
Why are you delivering toys
to Father Christmas?
Well, who do you think makes
all Father Christmas' toys?
Um... Elves?
That's right.
Us elves.
GIRLS:
Aah.
Elves work all year
deep underground
in the Elf Factory
making toys.
JAKE:
Then, in December,
Ben's dad flies
to the North Pole and...
Delivers the toys
to Father Christmas.
Does he land at the North Pole
and meet Father Christmas?
No, he never lands.
He drops the toys
by parachute.
Then Father Christmas
wraps the toys up
and delivers them
to the children of the world.
All the children?
Even our friend Lucy?
WISE OLD ELF:
Oh, yes, even Lucy.
I love Christmas.
And I love snow.
Me too.
I wish it was snowing now.
Yes. It's Christmas Eve.
When's it going to snow?
Maybe it's time
for a weather forecast.
Weather forecast?
Yes. We can use
my elf weather detector.
ALL:
Wow!
So can this machine tell
if it's going to snow?
Of course.
How does it work?
I listen to the weather
through this giant ear trumpet.
It's so sensitive,
I can hear a butterfly
flapping its wings in Africa.
Can you hear
any butterflies?
Aah!
Don't talk loudly
into the trumpet.
Sorry, Wise Old Elf.
Now, please, stay quiet.
Ah, interesting.
Is it a butterfly?
No.
I can hear weather.
What sort of weather?
Uh, ahem.
There's a chance of sun
or rain,
with clear skies
or clouds.
Is it going to snow?
I can say
it certainly might.
But then again,
it might not.
ALL: Oh.
I know.
Let's ask Nanny Plum
if it's going to snow.
Why ask Nanny Plum?
Nanny can tell the future.
Ha! This I must see.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]
Nanny Plum, Nanny Plum.
You can tell the future,
can't you?
I certainly can.
Can you tell
if it's going to snow today?
Yes. I'll use my special
snow forecasting globe.
Ho, ho. I see.
You gaze
into the crystal ball,
and it tells our fortune
I suppose.
[WISE OLD ELF LAUGHS]
No, you just shake it.
Like this:
There we are.
It'll snow today.
ALL: Hooray!
Stop, stop, stop.
How on earth can that thing
predict the weather?
It's never been wrong.
What if you shook it
in the summer?
Well, you don't shake it
in the summer, obviously.
That would be silly.
Well,
you can't tell exactly
when it's going to snow,
can you?
Yes, I can.
It's going to snow... Now.
Abracadabra--
That's cheating.
No, it's not!
--Make it snow
[♪♪♪]
Nanny's made it snow.
Let's go and see it.
[KIDS LAUGHING]
What?
But--
Where is the snow?
[KING SCREAMS]
Nanny Plum!
It's snowing inside.
ALL: Wow!
[ALL LAUGHING]
DAISY & POPPY:
Snow! Snow!
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Let's play snowballs.
Ooh! Nanny Plum!
It's snowing
in the sitting room!
Is this your doing?
Yes, it is.
Inside is for sitting
in armchairs and reading.
Outside is for snow.
Ugh. Inside, outside.
Whatever.
Nanny Plum, you're fired.
Heh. Don't be silly.
I'm taking away your wand
until you learn how to control
your spells better!
But what about the snow?
Not another word!
ALL:
Aw.
Everyone out!
[♪♪♪]
Now Daddy's taken
Nanny Plum's wand.
She won't be able to magic
any snow.
Now we won't have any snow
for Christmas.
There's always a chance
it might snow anyway.
[ENGINE RUNNING]
I can hear something.
Is it snow?
No. It's the elf plane.
Dad's back
from the North Pole.
[♪♪♪]
[KIDS LAUGHING]
[SIGHS]
That's the last delivery
done.
Dad, did you see snow?
Yes, lots of it.
Enough snow
to last me a lifetime.
Now you've finished your work,
Mr. Elf, are you on holiday?
Holiday? Good gracious, no.
It's Christmas Eve.
There's work to be done
preparing tonight's
Elf and Fairy Feast.
Oh, yes. The midnight
BEN:
On Christmas Eve.
VIOLET:
With music.
BARNABY:
And singing.
JAKE:
And lanterns.
Yes. And those lanterns
don't hang themselves up.
To work.
MRS. ELF:
Stop, Mr. Elf.
It's about time
you had a rest.
A rest?
You've been working hard
all year.
Just sit down and relax
for five minutes.
[SIGHS]
I can give you three.
You work too hard.
Elves like working hard,
and I'm an elf.
[BREATHES DEEPLY THEN BLOWS]
Oh, dear.
You really must relax.
Just say, "I'm on holiday."
Well, all right.
I'm on holiday.
[SIGHS]
That's nice.
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello,
Wise Old Elf speaking.
FATHER CHRISTMAS:
Ho! Ho! Ho!
It's Father Christmas here.
Oh. Mr. Christmas.
We seem to be missing
some toys.
I can't find box 571.
Box 571?
I need those toys
before tonight,
or some children will not get
their Christmas presents.
Never fear, Mr. Christmas,
we will get the box to you.
I will deliver it
personally.
Box 571?
It could be anywhere.
We'll never find it.
Is it this box, Dad?
The one that says "box 571"?
What?
Well done, Ben.
You found it.
To the elf plane!
We leave immediately!
Well, that was a nice holiday,
while it lasted.
Are you going back
to the North Pole?
Can we come?
Can we, Dad? Please?
ALL:
Please, Mr. Elf.
I don't mind who comes,
but we must leave straightaway.
ALL:
Wa-hey! Brilliant!
I'll just get my wand back
from King Thistle and then--
There's no time for that,
Nanny.
We need to get these toys
to Father Christmas right away.
Elf honor is at stake.
[♪♪♪]
Ready for take-off,
captain.
Everyone on board.
Ben, it's snowing.
Oh, wow!
Snow!
You see? My snow globe
is never wrong.
Hm.
[RATTLING]
What do all these buttons
do?
Don't touch anything, please,
Nanny Plum.
Wind the engine!
BOTH:
Righty-o.
[RATTLING]
Ready for take-off!
[ENGINE STARTING]
[♪♪♪]
North Pole
here we come!
I can't wait
to play in the snow.
KIDS:
Me too!
We're not going to play
in the snow.
We're just dropping off
the toy box
and coming straight home.
So we won't meet
Father Christmas?
Goodness gracious, no.
We're on a mission.
There'll be no playing
in the snow
and no meeting
Father Christmas.
NARRATOR:
Join us in our next episode
when we play in the snow
and meet Father Christmas.
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
on Christmas Eve.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
Are we nearly there yet?
Yes, Nanny.
We're almost at the North Pole.
Will we meet
Father Christmas?
No, Holly.
Remember, we never land
at the North Pole.
We drop the toys
by parachute.
Does Father Christmas
catch them?
No.
The toys are collected by--
Goblins.
Not goblins. Arctic elves.
Goblins, pixies. Whatever.
My brother is an Arctic elf.
I didn't know
you had a brother.
Oh, yes. He's in charge
of the Arctic elves.
Calling Arctic elves.
This is Flight 1001.
ARCTIC ELF:
Receiving you loud and clear,
Flight 1001.
Please drop the toys.
Righty-o!
[WIND WHISTLING]
MR. ELF:
Toys away!
[♪♪♪]
Now we can go home.
It's a shame
we never met Father Christmas.
Or the Arctic elves.
The good thing
is we'll be back in time
for the Elf and Fairy Feast.
Oh, yes.
The Elf and Fairy Feast.
At midnight.
With dancing.
And lanterns.
[RATTLING AND CREAKING]
Oh, dear. The elf plane
sounds a bit odd.
Is it broken?
Of course not.
This plane is built to last
one thousand flights.
Oh. Uh...
This is Flight 1001.
Oh, look.
Lots of cogs and things
are falling out?
[RATTLING AND RUMBLING]
Uh-oh.
We're going down!
ALL:
Whoa!
Phew. We landed safely.
That was lucky.
Lucky?
We're stuck at the North Pole.
But now we might meet
Father Christmas.
And the Arctic elves.
I suppose we might see
some penguins.
Ah, I like penguins.
Penguins live
at the South Pole.
This is
the North Pole.
What's that waddling
towards us then?
ALL:
Penguins!
Not penguins.
Arctic elves.
It's my twin brother.
Hello, little brother.
Hello.
Are you really
as old as each other?
No. I'm older.
But you're twins.
I'm older and wiser
by three minutes.
Hardly older at all.
I am the Wiser Older Elf.
Bah!
When you little boys
have stopped squabbling,
maybe the wisest person here
can work out
how we get back home.
Oh.
Uh...
Maybe Father Christmas
could help.
Very clever.
Follow me, everyone.
To the house
of Father Christmas.
ALL:
Father Christmas.
[♪♪♪]
Maybe if you're lucky,
Nanny Plum,
you'll see a penguin.
[LAUGHS]
Violet,
can I borrow your wand?
Okay.
[PENGUIN SQUAWKS]
Oh, look, Wise Old Elf.
A penguin.
At the North Pole.
Oh, very clever, Nanny Plum.
What?
[BARKING]
Ooh.
Gaston's stopped moving.
Interesting.
Gaston has frozen.
ALL:
Oh, no!
We need to get the ladybird
somewhere warm.
Yes, insects don't like
the winter.
Here we are.
The house of Father Christmas.
HOLLY:
It looks
like a Christmas pudding.
Oh, wonderful.
Yes, little brother.
I built it myself.
Well, when I said wonderful,
I meant it's okay.
[CLANGING THEN WHIRRING]
This is Father Christmas'
study.
We can thaw the ladybird out
by the fire.
Are these
Father Christmas' slippers?
Yes, they are.
Wow! His feet are bigger
than all of us.
I think Gaston
is thawing out.
[BARKS]
Gaston's back.
[LAUGHS THEN SLURPS]
Box 571 delivered.
Oh, thank you,
little brother.
It would be simply spiffing
if next year,
you made the last toy delivery
before Christmas Eve.
What?
At least I make toys.
You just wrap them up.
Ah! But wrapping toys
is the important bit.
You have to be as old and wise
as me to understand that.
You're no wiser than me.
But I am. By three minutes.
And I always will be.
Ahem.
Talking of wrapping presents,
shouldn't somebody
be doing that by now?
It's Christmas Eve.
Goodness me, you're right.
To the present-wrapping
machines.
[♪♪♪]
That's the last
of this year's presents wrapped.
Time for a holiday.
ALL:
Hoorah!
Uh, we've just brought
one more box of toys to wrap.
Sorry to end your holiday.
That's okay.
Arctic elves love
wrapping presents. And we're...
Oh, no.
ALL:
Arctic elves!
[ARCTIC ELVES BLOW HORNS]
WISE OLD ELF:
We've brought you
toy robots, dolls,
space rockets and cars.
Not bad.
You've done a good job,
brother.
Oh. Thank you, brother.
When the presents
are wrapped up,
who delivers them?
Ho-ho-ho!
I deliver them, of course!
ALL:
Father Christmas.
Call me Santa.
I hear
you're in a spot of bother.
Yes. We need some help
getting home.
I've got some work
to do tonight.
I could drop you off
on the way.
Are you going our way?
I'm going every way.
ALL: Yay!
[SQUAWKING]
I say! That penguin's
a long way from home.
I'd better drop him off too.
[RATTLING]
Ho-ho-ho! Away we go!
[♪♪♪]
Have you got a present
for our friend Lucy?
Lucy?
HOLLY:
She's a little girl we know.
FATHER CHRISTMAS:
Of course there's a present
for her.
[BELLS RINGING]
Hm. Why do people
always have such small chimneys?
We could deliver the presents
for you.
All right.
Put these presents
in Lucy's Christmas stocking.
Don't forget the tangerine.
[GASPS]
JAKE:
Someone's coming.
Keep still.
Pretend to be a statue.
MAN:
That's odd.
Some of the decorations
have fallen off the tree.
This little elf
must go here.
And this pretty fairy
should be at the top
of the tree.
ALL:
Phew.
That was really close.
Let's deliver
Lucy's presents.
[♪♪♪]
Ben! Holly!
Lucy! You're supposed
to be asleep.
I'm too excited
about Christmas.
What are you doing here?
We're delivering
your Christmas presents.
Whoa! Do elves and fairies
get presents as well?
No, but tonight
we have the Elf and Fairy Feast.
STRAWBERRY:
There's lovely music.
BARNABY:
And lanterns in the trees.
That sounds nice.
It's beautiful.
We'd better go.
Santa's waiting on your roof.
Santa?
On my roof? Cool.
ALL:
Merry Christmas, Lucy.
Merry Christmas.
Ah, there you are.
Uh, there wasn't a little snack
down there
for old Santa, was there?
Yes, a mince pie.
Delicious.
And this drink.
Even better.
[COUGHS]
[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
We can't start
the Elf and Fairy Feast
until the others are back.
Well, where are they?
Ho-ho-ho!
[ALL GASP]
Hello, everyone. We're back.
Father Christmas gave us a lift
on his sleigh.
QUEEN:
Thank you, Father Christmas.
Would you like to stay
for our Elf and Fairy Feast?
No time, I'm afraid.
I have to deliver presents
to all the children
of the world.
How many deliveries
have you done so far?
One.
Well, good luck.
Thank you. Merry Christmas!
[♪♪♪]
Good. Now we're all here,
Christmas can begin.
ALL:
Hooray!
♪ Umpah, umpah
Pom, pom, pom ♪
♪ The Elf and Fairy Feast
Is here ♪
♪ So fill the world
With festive cheer ♪
♪ Umpah, umpah
Pom, pom, pom ♪
♪ All is merry
In the Little Kingdom ♪